feat(form-control): move background icons to element (#5531)
patternfly/patternfly: src/patternfly/components/FormControl/examples/FormControl.md

| `aria-invalid="true"` | `.pf-v5-c-form-control > input`,`.pf-v5-c-form-control > select`, or `.pf-v5-c-form-control > textarea` | Indicates that the form control is in the error state and applies error state styling. Use with `.pf-m-error` on the `.pf-v5-c-form-control` to ensure correct styling. |
| `aria-label="descriptive text"` | `.pf-v5-c-form-control > input`,`.pf-v5-c-form-control > select`, or `.pf-v5-c-form-control > textarea` | Provides an accessible label for assistive technology. |
| `aria-expanded="true"` | `.pf-v5-c-form-control > input` | Indicates that clicking in the form control has toggled something else to be expanded. Use with `.pf-m-expanded` on the `.pf-v5-c-form-control` to ensure correct styling. |

### Usage
| Class | Applied to | Outcome |
| -- | -- | -- |
| `.pf-v5-c-form-control` | `<div>` |  Initiates a container for an input, textarea or select. For styling of checkboxes or radios see the [checkbox component](/components/checkbox) or [radio component](/components/radio). **Required**  |

> | `.pf-v5-c-form-control` | `<input>`,`<textarea>`, `<select>` |  Initiates an input, textarea or select.  **Required**  |

Reviewer: Is the intent that either a div or input/textarea/select can have this class? Based on the examples it seems like line 172 here should be removed.

| `.pf-m-resize-vertical` | `textarea.pf-m-form-control` | Modifies a `textarea.pf-v5-c-form-control` element so it can only be resized vertically along the y-axis. |
| `.pf-m-resize-horizontal` | `textarea.pf-m-form-control` | Modifies a `textarea.pf-v5-c-form-control` element so it can only be resized horizontally along the x-axis. |
| `.pf-m-readonly` | `.pf-v5-c-form-control` | Modifies a form control for a readonly input, textarea, or select.|
| `.pf-m-disabled` | `.pf-v5-c-form-control` | Modifies a form control for a disabled input, textarea, or select.|
| `.pf-m-success` | `.pf-v5-c-form-control` | Modifies a form control for the success state. |
| `.pf-m-warning` | `.pf-v5-c-form-control` | Modifies a form control for the warning state. |
| `.pf-m-error` | `.pf-v5-c-form-control` | Modifies a form control for the error (invalid) state. |

> | `.pf-v5-c-form-control__icon` | `div` | Creates a container for an icon associated with a text input.

Reviewer: Looks like `.pf-v5-c-form-control__utilities` is missing from the docs, same for `pf-m-status` and `pf-m-icon`. One other nit:

```suggestion
| `.pf-v5-c-form-control__icon` | `div` | Creates a container for an icon associated with a form control.
```

{{/form-control}}
```

## Documentation

### Accessibility
| Attribute | Applied to | Outcome |
| -- | -- | -- |
| `id` | `.pf-v5-c-form-control > input`,`.pf-v5-c-form-control > select`, or `.pf-v5-c-form-control > textarea` | Provides an `id` value that can be used with the `for` attribute on an associated `<label>` element to provide an accessible label for the form control element.
| `aria-invalid="true"` | `.pf-v5-c-form-control > input`,`.pf-v5-c-form-control > select`, or `.pf-v5-c-form-control > textarea` | Indicates that the form control is in the error state and applies error state styling. Use with `.pf-m-error` on the `.pf-v5-c-form-control` to ensure correct styling. |
| `aria-label="descriptive text"` | `.pf-v5-c-form-control > input`,`.pf-v5-c-form-control > select`, or `.pf-v5-c-form-control > textarea` | Provides an accessible label for assistive technology. |
| `aria-expanded="true"` | `.pf-v5-c-form-control > input` | Indicates that clicking in the form control has toggled something else to be expanded. Use with `.pf-m-expanded` on the `.pf-v5-c-form-control` to ensure correct styling. |

### Usage
| Class | Applied to | Outcome |
| -- | -- | -- |

> | `.pf-v5-c-form-control` | `<div>` |  Initiates a container for an input, text area or select. For styling of checkboxes or radios see the [checkbox component](/components/checkbox) or [radio component](/components/radio). **Required**  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `.pf-v5-c-form-control` | `<div>` |  Initiates a container for an input, textarea, or select. For styling of checkboxes or radios see the [checkbox component](/components/checkbox) or [radio component](/components/radio). **Required**  |
```

| `.pf-v5-c-form-control__utilities` | `<div>` |  Initiates a container for elements like icons to be associated with the form control.  |
| `.pf-v5-c-form-control__icon` | `<div>` |  Creates a container for an icon associated with a form control.  |
| `.pf-v5-c-form-control__toggle-icon` | `<div>` |  Initiates a toggle icon for a form select.  |

> | `.pf-m-resize-vertical` | `.pf-v5-c-form-control` | Modifies a form control element containing a text area so it can only be resized vertically. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `.pf-m-resize-vertical` | `.pf-v5-c-form-control` | Modifies a form control element containing a textarea so it can only be resized vertically. |
```

> | `.pf-m-resize-vertical` | `.pf-v5-c-form-control` | Modifies a form control element containing a text area so it can only be resized vertically. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `.pf-m-resize-vertical` | `.pf-v5-c-form-control` | Modifies a form control element containing a textarea so it can only be resized vertically. |
```

| -- | -- | -- |
| `.pf-v5-c-form-control` | `<div>` |  Initiates a container for an input, textarea or select. For styling of checkboxes or radios see the [checkbox component](/components/checkbox) or [radio component](/components/radio). **Required**  |
| `.pf-v5-c-form-control__utilities` | `<div>` |  Initiates a container for elements like icons to be associated with the form control.  |
| `.pf-v5-c-form-control__icon` | `<div>` |  Creates a container for an icon associated with a form control.  |
| `.pf-v5-c-form-control__toggle-icon` | `<div>` |  Initiates a toggle icon for a form select.  |

> | `.pf-m-resize-vertical` | `.pf-m-form-control` | Modifies a form control element containing a text area so it can only be resized vertically. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `.pf-m-resize-vertical` | `.pf-m-form-control` | Modifies a form control element containing a textarea so it can only be resized vertically. |
```

> | `.pf-m-resize-vertical` | `.pf-m-form-control` | Modifies a form control element containing a text area so it can only be resized vertically. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `.pf-m-resize-vertical` | `.pf-v5-c-form-control` | Modifies a form control element containing a textarea so it can only be resized vertically. |
```
